turbo-ignore doc. (#3814)
vercel/turbo: docs/pages/repo/docs/core-concepts/monorepos/skipping-tasks.mdx

- `--task`: Specifies the task for the command that `turbo-ignore` will invoke. Defaults to `build`.
- `--directory`: Specify a directory where `turbo-ignore` will run.
- `--fallback`: Specify a ref/head to compare against.

## Example

Let's say you want to skip the unit tests for your `web` workspace when there aren't any changes to your `web` application or its package dependencies. In practice, hitting the cache with a `>>> FULL TURBO` will speed things up quite a bit but there will still be time spent installing `npm` dependencies, creating upcoming CI infrastructure, or doing other types of work that can take awhile.

Ideally, we would do a quick check to see if any of that work needs to happen in the first place.

After we've checked out the repo but **before** any other work, we can take a few seconds to check that our `web` tests have changed since the previous commit.

```bash
npx turbo-ignore --workspace=web --task=test
```

This command will:

- filter for the `web` workspace
- create the `dry` output for your `test` task at the _current_ commit
- create the `dry` output for your `test` task at the _previous_ commit

> - compare the results of the two `dry` outputs

Reviewer: This actually isn't true. It's just one dry run - the filter tells turbo (in this example) I'm only concerned about web, from now until commit x. And turbo determines what workspaces need to be built, and returns that in the dry-run, and then we parse that response in `turbo ignore` to determine which packages have changed. 

Here's an example - started from create-turbo, with a single change to ui:

Command is: 
`npx turbo run build --filter=web...[HEAD^] --dry=json`

The result is:
```
{
  "packages": [
    "web"
  ],
  "tasks": [
    {
      "taskId": "eslint-config-custom#build",
      "task": "build",
      "package": "eslint-config-custom",
      "hash": "ecc5fe5ea423e6b9",
      "cacheState": {
        "local": false,
        "remote": false
      },
      "command": "\u003cNONEXISTENT\u003e",
      "outputs": [
        ".next/**",
        "dist/**"
      ],
      "excludedOutputs": null,
      "logFile": "packages/eslint-config-custom/.turbo/turbo-build.log",
      "directory": "packages/eslint-config-custom",
      "dependencies": [],
      "dependents": [
        "ui#build",
        "web#build"
      ],
      "resolvedTaskDefinition": {
        "outputs": [
          ".next/**",
          "dist/**"
        ],
        "cache": true,
        "dependsOn": [
          "^build"
        ],
        "inputs": [],
        "outputMode": "full",
        "env": [],
        "persistent": false
      }
    },
    {
      "taskId": "tsconfig#build",
      "task": "build",
      "package": "tsconfig",
      "hash": "8f782633436459be",
      "cacheState": {
        "local": false,
        "remote": false
      },
      "command": "\u003cNONEXISTENT\u003e",
      "outputs": [
        ".next/**",
        "dist/**"
      ],
      "excludedOutputs": null,
      "logFile": "packages/tsconfig/.turbo/turbo-build.log",
      "directory": "packages/tsconfig",
      "dependencies": [],
      "dependents": [
        "ui#build",
        "web#build"
      ],
      "resolvedTaskDefinition": {
        "outputs": [
          ".next/**",
          "dist/**"
        ],
        "cache": true,
        "dependsOn": [
          "^build"
        ],
        "inputs": [],
        "outputMode": "full",
        "env": [],
        "persistent": false
      }
    },
    {
      "taskId": "ui#build",
      "task": "build",
      "package": "ui",
      "hash": "3018d1a0af40066a",
      "cacheState": {
        "local": false,
        "remote": false
      },
      "command": "\u003cNONEXISTENT\u003e",
      "outputs": [
        ".next/**",
        "dist/**"
      ],
      "excludedOutputs": null,
      "logFile": "packages/ui/.turbo/turbo-build.log",
      "directory": "packages/ui",
      "dependencies": [
        "tsconfig#build",
        "eslint-config-custom#build"
      ],
      "dependents": [
        "web#build"
      ],
      "resolvedTaskDefinition": {
        "outputs": [
          ".next/**",
          "dist/**"
        ],
        "cache": true,
        "dependsOn": [
          "^build"
        ],
        "inputs": [],
        "outputMode": "full",
        "env": [],
        "persistent": false
      }
    },
    {
      "taskId": "web#build",
      "task": "build",
      "package": "web",
      "hash": "f01d4428937286ac",
      "cacheState": {
        "local": false,
        "remote": false
      },
      "command": "next build",
      "outputs": [
        ".next/**",
        "dist/**"
      ],
      "excludedOutputs": null,
      "logFile": "apps/web/.turbo/turbo-build.log",
      "directory": "apps/web",
      "dependencies": [
        "ui#build",
        "tsconfig#build",
        "eslint-config-custom#build"
      ],
      "dependents": [],
      "resolvedTaskDefinition": {
        "outputs": [
          ".next/**",
          "dist/**"
        ],
        "cache": true,
        "dependsOn": [
          "^build"
        ],
        "inputs": [],
        "outputMode": "full",
        "env": [],
        "persistent": false
      }
    }
  ]
}
```

We parse this output here: https://github.com/vercel/turbo/blob/main/packages/turbo-ignore/src/ignore.ts#L105
to see what turbo returns in the packages array to determine what has changed.

---
title: Skipping tasks
description: Never do the same work twice.
---

import Callout from '../../../../../components/Callout'

# Skipping Tasks

[Build caching](/repo/docs/core-concepts/caching) can dramatically speed up your build tasks - but you can do even better by using `npx turbo-ignore`. If your workspace is unaffected by your code changes, you can completely skip executing a task altogether.

## Using `turbo-ignore`

> To skip unaffected work, ensure that your git history is available and run `npx turbo-ignore`.

Reviewer 2: > ensure that your git history is available

Does this mean that git is enabled in the codebase? Or something else?

> By default, `turbo-ignore` will run the **build** task in the current working directory. Under the hood, `turbo-ignore` uses the output of `--dry=json` from your parent commit to your current commit to identify affected packages.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
`turbo-ignore` uses a combination of the `--filter` and `--dry=json` flags to find changes from the parent commit to the current commit to identify affected packages. By default, `turbo-ignore` find this difference for the **build** task in the current working directory, but you can customize that with the `--task` flag.

```

Here's an example of the command that will be built and ran:

```bash

> npx turbo run build --filter=@example/web...[3c8387ffd98b751305fe3f0284befdd00cbd4610] --dry=json

Reviewer 2: Maybe this is me but this command doesn't work for me? Can someone else verify?

Author: Good callout, the braces were incorrect!

```

> Note that this command does not _execute_ the build task. Instead, it uses a **dry run** to see if your code changes will affect your build compared to your parent commit.

Reviewer 3: this one only makes sense if you use the suggestion above
```suggestion
Note that a dry run does not _execute_ the build task, it's just used to check which packages need to execute the task.
```

If `turbo-ignore` finds that the task can be skipped, it will exit the process with a `0` code. If changes have been found, the process will exit with `1`.

<Callout type="info">On Vercel, the previously deployed SHA will be used instead of the parent commit.</Callout>

## Customizing behavior

To specify a workspace, you can add it to your command like:

```
npx turbo-ignore web
```

where `web` is your workspace's name.

If you'd like to change more of the default behavior, there are a few flags available:

- `--task`: Specifies the task for the command that `turbo-ignore` will invoke. Defaults to `build`.

> - `--directory`: Specify a directory where `turbo-ignore` will run. Defaults to the current working directory.

Reviewer: This arg isn't currently supported.

- `--fallback`: Specify a ref/head to compare against. Defaults to `HEAD^`.

## Example

> Let's say you want to skip the unit tests for your `web` workspace when there aren't any changes to your `web` application or its package dependencies. In practice, hitting the cache with a `>>> FULL TURBO` will speed things up quite a bit but there will still be time spent installing `npm` dependencies, creating upcoming CI infrastructure, or doing other types of work that can take awhile.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Let's say you want to skip the unit tests for your `web` workspace when there aren't any changes to your `web` application (or its package dependencies). If you are already using [Remote Caching](https://turbo.build/repo/docs/core-concepts/remote-caching), you will probably get a cache hit, but you would still spend time provisioning the CI container, installing `npm` dependencies, and other things that can take a while.
```

Ideally, we would do a quick check to see if any of that work needs to happen in the first place.

> After we've checked out the repo but **before** any other work, we can take a few seconds to check that our `web` tests have changed since the parent commit.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
After we've checked out the repo, but **before** any other work, we can take a few seconds to check that our `web` tests have changed since the parent commit.
```
